I'm so overwhelmed. I don't know what to do.
I know how you feel, it's tough when you're feeling so stressed out. Let me help you figure out what to do.
You're not capable of handling this on your own, are you?
You should just give up, you're never going to get this done in time.
1
The base is all kinds of messed up, but fixing it is so hard! What should I do?
Keep trying, I know it looks tough now, but once you read some books you will be just fine!
Sorry about that, but that's just how things are. We need this fixed or we'll all die!
We need you, we're all finished without you, you are our last hope!
2
I just had a panic attack... I feel terrible. Help?
You're not feeling well again!? I thought you were getting better.
I know you're upset, but please don't get mad at me.
You need to let go of that anxiety. You can't keep getting all worked up over things, you'll work yourself into the grave!
3
I am so sad right now, the colours are blue and gray, what do I do?
Just take a shot of dopamine like a normal person.
Brighten up, you're bumming everyone out.
Just relax, we'll all be okay.
3
I'm lost...what should I do?
Why are you lost? Try and keep up.
No worries, things happens. Follow me.
Try to figure it out yourself.
2
I am having a crisis of faith.
Are you doubting your faith? If so, just be thankful for what you have now.
I know it's hard, but don't let your faith get the best of you.
Don't question your faith, you've been wrong before.
2
I'm trying to make up my mind about which religion is right, but I just can't decide!
You're just not thinking clearly enough.
Don't you realize what's at stake? You must choose wisely.
You can't keep doubting yourself like this. It's time to make up your mind.
3
I feel like I'm stuck here, on this base, just endlessly waiting for death. I think I'm just going to end it.
Look, don't be that way. You just need to stick it out a little longer.
Don't you dare do that! We're all counting on you!
We need you, we can't lose anyone else!
2
I don't know what to do about all this stuff that's going on in my life.
You've got a lot of problems? Talk to the crew, I'm sure they can help you out.
You need to stop complaining and get on with it.
Don't you realize how lucky we are?
1
I'm so overwhelmed, I don't think I can do this anymore.
You might be right, but if you quit now you're only going to suffer more!
This is pointless! You've already done more than anyone else would have under the same circumstances!
You're not giving up now! You've come too far for that!
3
I feel like such a burden to everyone else.
Don't give yourself such a hard time, we all make mistakes sometimes!
You've got so much potential, if only you could get your act together!
Don't talk that way! You're just being lazy, you have the same amount of potential as anyone else on this base!
1
I keep wondering what life would have been... you know, before the war? How much I could do... I miss the life I could have had.
Stop being so depressing, you have a bright future ahead of you!
You're just not trying hard enough! You can't be that lazy!
You're just not appreciating everything that is given to you! As long as we still live, there's always hope. 
3
Everything about this place makes me sick! The people here are all so hopelessly stupid!
Suck it up, don't think we like spending time with you.
You're so negative! Just get over it.
Take a deep breath, you'll feel better.
3
I'm so stressed out, I can't even think straight anymore.
You're not going to help yourself by getting all worked up!
You're just being paranoid!
There's no need to panic! Everything will be okay if you calm down. 
3
Why do I have to keep trying to get people to like me?
Because you're depressing, lighten up a bit.
It doesn't matter if you like me, just don't be such a jerk to people!
It's your own fault if you're not liked by everyone, don't blame me.
1
People just don't like me, I never get any respect.
You have to understand, people don't respect you because you're different.
You're just not being yourself. What you need to do is be more honest with people.
There's nothing wrong with your feelings, it's just that people can't understand.
3
Why is the world always trying to hurt me?
Because people don't like being treated poorly!
Everyone has their own set of issues, don't expect anyone to like you just because you're different!
It's not my job to make everyone like you. Just forget about trying to fit in.
2
I feel like I just can't win in life.
Everyone just seems to let me down... why can't you be normal?
Everyone needs to feel important. You have to look out for yourself!
You need to act like an adult and stop living in such a childish way.
2